Update my PPP (#276)
AY2223S2-CS2103-W17-2/tp: docs/team/markusyeo.md

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Changed default file storage format to be CSV
  * Justification: As we deal with tabular data, we would like users to be able to easily view the data entered into `DengueHotspotTracker` offline.

>   Additionally NEA personnel are more likely to be familiar with CSV than json!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Additionally, NEA personnel are more likely to be familiar with CSV files than json files!
```
Super nitpick :"D

>   * Highlight: It was challenging to write to CSV as it required exploring a new package `OpenCSV` this was nonetheless a very fruitful experience in exploring a new codebase and adding it into our project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Highlight: It was challenging to write to CSV as it required exploring a new package `OpenCSV`. Exploring a new codebase and adding it into our project was nonetheless a very fruitful experience.
```

>   I had to add a new `CsvUtil` file to handle all the reading and writing from CSV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  I had to add a new `CsvUtil` class to handle all the reading and writing from CSV.
```

> * **New Feature**: Added the ability to import and export data as a csv file

Reviewer: Would be better to stick to either "csv" or "CSV"!

>   * Justification: This feature allows users to edit csv files to be able to import into `DengueHotspotTracker` and export from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Justification: This feature allows users to export, edit, and import csv files into `DengueHotspotTracker`. 
```
NGL, this doesn't work very well ("export [...] into"?), but I think it gets the point across :) Something like "export csv files from and import csv files into" would've been a lot clunkier.

>   Additionally allowing users to export files, edit them offline, then import them back into the DHT, is more convenient for sharing information with those without direct access to the DengueHotspotTracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Additionally, allowing users to export files, edit them offline, then import them back into the `DengueHotspotTracker` is more convenient for sharing information with those without direct access to the app.
```

>   * This feature also pairs with the `find` function with allows users to filter the data and also export that specific set of data to be shared with others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * This feature also pairs with the `find` function, as users can use `find` to filter the data before exporting that specific set of data to share with others.
```

> * **New Feature**: Added the ability to checkout overview data as a csv file

Reviewer: It might be good to explain what "checkout" means! Since it sounds just like "export" :O

>   * Justification: This feature allows users store the overviewed data outside of `DengueHotspotTracker` this will mean that they will be able to share a much smaller file as compared to having to send all the persons in the case list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Justification: This feature allows users to store the aggregated data in the overview outside of `DengueHotspotTracker`. This means that they will be able to export a much smaller file compared to exporting all the persons in the case list.
```

* **New Feature:** Added the GUI for overview.

>   * Justification: It looked unmatching initially and we wanted a neat way as well as one which blended with the rest of our GUI. I wrote the `BinCard` class which enabled us to have a unified UI as that of the personList it is displayed alongside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Justification: Our original way of including the overview in our GUI did not match the rest of the GUI. We wanted a design that looked neat and blended with the rest of our GUI. I wrote the `BinCard` class which enabled us to have a UI for the overview section that matched that of the case list it is displayed alongside.
```

  This allowed us to have a nice scaleable overview tab.
* **Code contributed:** [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=markusyeo)
* **Project management:**

>   * Setup the team organization as well as repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Set up the team organisation and repository.
```

  * Managed `v1.1`-`v1.2` issues.
  * Handled product releases for `v1.1`, `v1.2` and `v1.3` (including uploading and testing of JAR files).
  * Facilitated weekly meetings.
* **Team Tasks**

>   * Refactored the entire code base including test cases to be adapted for Dengue Hotspot Tracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Refactored the entire code base including test cases to be adapted for DengueHotspotTracker.
```

* **Documentation:**
  * User Guide
    * Reformatted the User Guide to be more readable

>     * Added documentation for the `import`, `export` and `checkout` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Added documentation for the `import`, `export` and `checkout` commands
```

>     * Added `Navigating the User Guide` portion to help users to understand the Ui

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Added the `Navigating the User Interface` section to help users understand the UI
```

  * Developer Guide

>     * Added implementation details and UML diagrams of the multi-index `import`, `export` and `checkout` features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Added implementation details and UML diagrams of the `import`, `export` and `checkout` features
```

* **Community:**

>   * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments):

Reviewer: You could include some of your PRs here! If you prefer not to include anything, you could remove this section.
